added custom actions url (#7549)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/custom-actions.mdx

Any custom action that you want to use in your stories should be added into the
actions section of your [domain](./domain.mdx).

> Rasa will call an endpoint you specify when a custom action is predicted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rasa will send a request to the actions server when a custom action is predicted. 
```

> This endpoint should be a webserver that reacts to this call, runs the code, and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actions server is a web server that responds to this request by running custom code and
```

> optionally returns information to modify the dialogue state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optionally returning information to update the dialogue state.
```

> Specify your action server in `endpoints.yml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify your action server's endpoint in `endpoints.yml`:
```
